docs: update readme after new root signing (#325)
sigstore/root-signing: README.md

| Timestamp  | `b6710623a30c010738e64c5209d367df1c0a18cf90e6ab5292fb01680f83453d`| A GCP KMS   [timestamping key](https://github.com/sigstore/root-signing/blob/57ac5cd83b90ff97af78db846eea2525eb0eee81/repository/repository/root.json#L32-L42) located at `projects/project-rekor/locations/global/keyRings/sigstore-root/cryptoKeys/timestamp`      |

* [targets.json](repository/repository/targets.json): This is the list of trusted `targets.json` endorsed by the offline keyholders. It includes:

| Target        |  Description | 
| ----- |--------- |  
| [fulcio_v1.crt.pem](repository/repository/targets/fulcio_v1.crt.pem)   |  This is the [Fulcio](https://github.com/sigstore/fulcio) root certificate used to issue short-lived code signing certs. It is hosted at `https://fulcio.sigstore.dev`. You can `curl` the running root CA to ensure it matches the TUF root using `curl -v https://fulcio.sigstore.dev/api/v1/rootCert` | 

> | [fulcio_intermediate_v1.crt.pem](repository/repository/targets/fulcio__intermediate_v1.crt.pem)   |  This is the [Fulcio](https://github.com/sigstore/fulcio) intermediate certificate used to issue short-lived code signing certs. It is hosted at `https://fulcio.sigstore.dev`. You can `curl` the running CA chain to ensure it matches the TUF root using `curl -v https://fulcio.sigstore.dev/api/v1/rootCert` | 

Reviewer: The URL in the curl example here is the same as the entry above

Author: Yeah, this returns both the root and the intermediate. I will say to match with the first/second PEM cert.

Reviewer: I should have tried and learned that before commenting, thanks!

> | [fulcio.crt.pem](repository/repository/targets/fulcio.crt.pem)        |  This is the Fulcio root certificate used with an older instance of Fulcio. We maintain this target to verify old certificates but no longer used to sign newly issued certificates. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [fulcio.crt.pem](repository/repository/targets/fulcio.crt.pem)        |  This is the Fulcio root certificate used with an older instance of Fulcio. We maintain this target to verify old certificates but it is no longer used to sign newly issued certificates. | 
```

| [rekor.pub](repository/repository/targets/rekor.pub)        |  This is the [Rekor](https://github.com/sigstore/rekor) public key used to sign entries and the tree head of the transparency log. You can retrieve the public key to ensure it matches with `curl -H 'Content-Type: application/x-pem-file' https://rekor.sigstore.dev/api/v1/log/publicKey`. | 
| [rekor.0.pub](repository/repository/targets/rekor.0.pub)        |  This is a dupe of `rekor.pub` and will be removed in the next root-signing event. | 
| [ctfe.pub](repository/repository/targets/ctfe.pub)        |  Certificate Transparency log key that is used for certificates issued by Fulcio and used to verify signed certificate timestamps (SCTs) for inclusion into the log. | 
| [artifact.pub](repository/repository/targets/artifact.pub) | Key that signs Sigstore project (Cosign, Rekor, Fulcio) releases. |

> * [snapshot.json]((repository/repository/snapshot.json)): This snapshot the valid metadata files. It has a lifetime of 2 weeks and is resigned by a [GitHub workflow](https://github.com/sigstore/root-signing/blob/main/.github/workflows/snapshot-timestamp.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [snapshot.json]((repository/repository/snapshot.json)): The snapshot ensures consistency of the metadata files. It has a lifetime of 2 weeks and is re-signed by a [GitHub workflow](https://github.com/sigstore/root-signing/blob/main/.github/workflows/snapshot-timestamp.yml).
```

> * [timestamp.json]((repository/repository/timestamp.json)): The timestamp refreshes the most accurate snapshot file. It has a lifetime of 2 weeks and is resigned by a [GitHub workflow](https://github.com/sigstore/root-signing/blob/main/.github/workflows/snapshot-timestamp.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [timestamp.json]((repository/repository/timestamp.json)): The timestamp indicates the freshness of the metadata files. It has a lifetime of 2 weeks and is re-signed by a [GitHub workflow](https://github.com/sigstore/root-signing/blob/main/.github/workflows/snapshot-timestamp.yml).
```

The current root is published on a GCS bucket located at `https://storage.googleapis.com/sigstore-tuf-root`.

> The pre-production root is published ona GCS bucket located at `https://storage.googleapis.com/sigstore-preprod-tuf-root`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pre-production root is published on a GCS bucket located at `https://storage.googleapis.com/sigstore-preprod-tuf-root`.
```

## Sigstore Root Keyholders 

| Keyholder        |  TUF Key ID |  Yubikey Material| Term | 
| ----- |--------- |  --- | ---- |

> | Joshua Locke       |  `75e867ab10e121fdef32094af634707f43ddd79c6bab8ad6c5ab9f03f4ea8c90` | [18158855](https://github.com/sigstore/root-signing/ceremony/2022-07-12/keys/18158855)  | July 2022 -  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Joshua Lock       |  `75e867ab10e121fdef32094af634707f43ddd79c6bab8ad6c5ab9f03f4ea8c90` | [18158855](https://github.com/sigstore/root-signing/ceremony/2022-07-12/keys/18158855)  | July 2022 -  | 
```
no e :-)

Author: Ah thank you! I don't know why I did that.

| Bob Callaway        |  `f505595165a177a41750a8e864ed1719b1edfccd5a426fd2c0ffda33ce7ff209` | [15938791](https://github.com/sigstore/root-signing/tree/main/ceremony/2021-06-18/keys/15938791)  | June 2021 -  | 
| Dan Lorenc        |  `2f64fb5eac0cf94dd39bb45308b98920055e9a0d8e012a7220787834c60aef97` | [13078778](https://github.com/sigstore/root-signing/tree/main/ceremony/2021-06-18/keys/13078778)  | June 2021 -  | 
| Marina Moore        |  `eaf22372f417dd618a46f6c627dbc276e9fd30a004fc94f9be946e73f8bd090b` | [14470876](https://github.com/sigstore/root-signing/tree/main/ceremony/2021-06-18/keys/14470876)  | June 2021 -  | 
| Santiago Torres-Arias        |  `f40f32044071a9365505da3d1e3be6561f6f22d0e60cf51df783999f6c3429cb` | [15938765](https://github.com/sigstore/root-signing/tree/main/ceremony/2021-06-18/keys/15938765) | June 2021 -  | 

> | Luke Hinds        |  `bdde902f5ec668179ff5ca0dabf7657109287d690bf97e230c21d65f99155c62` | [14454335](https://github.com/sigstore/root-signing/tree/main/ceremony/2021-06-18/keys/14454335)  | June 2021 - July 2022 | 

Reviewer 2: I think we should keep the separation of current and previous.
